Mom is the child of a master
Master is so sure
Will only testify
I'm not dreaming
A seven-year-old kid.
Able to precisely conduct this difficult surgery
Genius
Is not enough to describe him
Will I die with one more genius in the world?
Does it still count if you take me as your disciple last time?
You mean someone just used that check
Return to Kyoto Yokogawa
Got five million
No, it's five or five hundred dollars.
This is also the first time I've heard of someone using a check
You can get 500 yuan.
It wouldn't be surprising if it was him
he
Come to Kyoto
Xiao Rui is coming over for dinner soon.
Young master can't do this
Madam, why did you burn your hand?
You'd better not do such rough work in cooking in the future
Children like to eat the sweet and sour fish I make
As long as he can eat a few more bites
It doesn't matter.